Colin O'Rourke
csorourk@ucsc.edu
CMPM 121 Assignment Final

This is a brief write up of the final build I am turning in of my First-Person Spell Caster.
For more depth, go look at the original ReadMe.txt also in this folder.
This is still entirely intended as a systems prototype.

---------Controls----------
    Mouse to look around.
    Left-click to target enemy close/in reticle
    WASD/Arrow keys to move.
    Space to Jump
    1,2,3 to cast spells in the 1st/2nd/3rd slot (left to right)

---------Spells----------
    BurnAura - Ticks for 1 damage every second. Emits orange particles while target is burned. Denoted by Red Square icon

    FireSpellA - Costs 5 mana, takes 1 second to cast. Shoots a small fireball projectile that deals 2 damage to a target, and emits a particle burst on hit.

    FireSpellB - Costs 8 mana, takes 2 seconds to cast. Instantly applies a 5 second burn to the target. If Target is already burnt, applies a 15 second burn instead.

    FireSpellC - Costs 14 mana, is cast instantly. Immediately Deals 5 damage to target & applies a 5 second burn.

    FireSpellD - Costs 15 mana, takes 2 second to cast. Shoots a small fireball projectile that deals 8 damage to target. Refunds 10 mana (& plays a particle burst) if target has Burn aura.

    FireSpellE - Costs 8 mana, is cast instantly. Immediately deals 5 damage to target. If target has a burn aura, removes the burn and deals extra damage equal to double what the burn would have done.

    FireSpellF - Costs 5 mana, takes 2 seconds to cast. Shoots a small fireball projectile that deals 2 damage to a target. If it is cast from the players left-most spell position, adds a powerful spellG to the deck. (Also plays a particle effect on player on success)

    FireSpellG - Not normally in deck - costs 5 mana, takes 5 seconds to cast. Shoots a small fireball projectile that deals 20 damage to a target, and emits a particle burst on hit. Exhausts, so it does not return to queue after being cast.

---------Changelog from First Turn In-------------
    Fixed several targeting and system errors.
    Enemies will now 'die' and destroy the game object when health goes below 0
    Added a reticle, and revamped targeting. You now left-click to target the enemy you're looking at (close to reticle)
        If no enemy in reticle, target is cancelled. If same enemy as already targeted in reticle, target is canceled.
    Added Walls
    Lowered Mouse Sensitivity.
    Tweaked mid-air movement.